now it's time for some fun courtesy of
our viewers at home every year we issue
a Father's Day YouTube challenge in
years past we've asked you to spray dad
with a hose on Father's Day to serve him
breakfast in the shower to dump
breakfast on him in bed we've had a lot
of very bad ideas but this year the
challenge was simple sneak up on your
father and yell I love you dad as loud
as you can and I was starting to think
this might not work but I was very very
wrong we got hundreds of videos we went
through all of them we willed it down to
the best of the best and with that said
I now invite you to feel the love in our
father's day YouTube challenge for 2017
oh yeah
Thank You Jimmy Kimmel said to do it
thanks you're kidding me
[Applause]
[Music]
hey I wrote your dad
I am gonna stick that thing so far up
your ass I give it up you're gonna taste
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares